Abiye Berhanu & Rishabh Sharma Vemuri
Rishabh Sharma Vemuri & Abiye Berhanu
flaky
slide
studies
Facebook
怎麼
why
How can we
reverse engineer the script
itself and then learn R as they go?
Another benefit is reusability. Like we said, you can download
the R code from the R app itself and also save your Plot
Gardener session so you can continue on working what you
have and also share it with others so they can build on top
of what you have. And finally, is adaptability.
So, our flow of parsing the package itself and then
injecting it into our application is something that
can be replicated for a variety of applications.
So, we have a lot of great things that can be done with
Plot Gardener.
We have a lot of great things that can be done with Plot
Gardener.
Now anyone can use the amazing capabilities of Plot Gardener
without having to worry about a single semicolon and make
complex publication-ready visualizations.
So, hopefully now building plots doesn't feel like putting big
logs together but just snapping Legos together.
And so we hope this makes it more simple, powerful and
easy to use.
So, with that, I'm going to turn it back over to you.
Thank you.
And just before we go, we want to say thank you to everyone at
the Fansteel lab, namely everyone on screen here, Dr.
Doug Fansteel.
And then also a big thank you to Posit for allowing us to
present our work here today. Thank you.
APPLAUSE
So, with that, I'm going to turn it back over to Dr.
Doug Fansteel.